The Joe Rogan experience.
I think that's why there's so much like distrust in government and stuff now,
because there's so many things that we realize later on, like,
why was that so necessary?
Well, not only that, I mean,
you're seeing it with this administration where they're,
they're doing the same things that Trump was doing.
They're just pretending they're not, they're wearing cute jackets. Well,
it's just the same thing. Like what they're doing.
Like the whole thing was like the kids at the border, we gotta stop the,
you know, these families at the board, these detention at the border,
putting people in cages, they're doing the same thing.
And then Ted Cruz went down to,
they try to film it and they were asking to stop filming,
like this Biden employees, like stop filming, stop filming SAR.
Please should have some respect. He's like, this is like,
you can't just make rules like that. We can't film now. Yeah.
And that's how you're gonna stop people from talking about this.
That nothing's changed.
Cuz they were pretending that Trump was doing this and that it was all Trump's
fault. Well, no it's the border is crazy. And,
and now that Trump's not in office,
they think it's more friendly cuz Biden's there.
So more people are coming through and they have a lot of 'em have Biden.
T-shirts on. Have you seen that? No. Where they get detained? Yeah.
Like dozens and dozen.
Like they're going to a Biden concert. Like they're going to a Biden rally.
We love you.
Exactly. Help us. You never seen it. You should see it. It's crazy.
So they're coming to the border wall with Biden shirts on and so they've
resumed construction of the border wall. Yeah. Once you know that.
So this comp you know, this administration was like,
we're not gonna do what the past administration did. Yeah you are. But is this.
Huge? Is it.
Is it's the same. Look at this. Please let us in. Yeah. Biden.
Please let us in. Look at this. What? Like who's giving him those shirts.
Probably the cartel. They probably all have a pound of kilos.
A pound of Coke in their. Weird. Right?
Yeah. It's just a weird and you know, what's even weirder.
I was talking to a friend of mine and he's much more knowledgeable about this.
He goes, you know, listen, man. He goes at the bottom of Mexico,
those other south American countries,
they're trying to get into Mexico and the Mexicans don't want 'em coming into
Mexico.
And then you got Mexicans that are trying to get into America and there's
Americans that don't want them in, in America. Like, it's like,
they're doing it too. Like, it goes all the,
if you go down to Honduras and Honduras and Mexico, they're like, Hey, you know,
we have enough.
Like there literally it's happening every step of the way up to America.
Yeah.
That's crazy. I don't, yeah. I don't know much about that stuff.
Don't pay attention. That. Well, I just feel like it becomes too like,
like sided,
like where it's scary to talk about PA politics because it can become, so like,
if you say one thing that's not with, you know, some sort of like,
if it's not in an infographic on Instagram,
then it's wrong and it's all very like this way or that way.
So I try and stay somewhat informed, but
it just feels very exhausting nowadays. What do you mean by if it's.
On an, an infograph?
What do you mean? Like I'm on very like super hyper woke Instagram, you know,
you are a lot of, yeah. A lot of my friends post a lot of like, you know, woke,
which, you know, do you yell.
At them for that?
I scroll past it. I read it's got shiny letters and a nice font. So I'm like,
oh, this is pretty. But it's, it's very like extreme where it's like,
you're either all in or you're all out. And I'm.
Like, I don't, it's a bunch of people trying to control people.
That's what it is. Mostly catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog Jr E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.